docs: Add Karpenter support for Windows docs (#4074)
aws/karpenter: website/content/en/preview/concepts/node-templates.md

  subnets: { ... }               # resolved subnets
  securityGroups: { ... }        # resolved security groups
```

> Refer to the [Provisioner docs]({{<ref "./provisioners" >}}) for settings applicable to all providers. To explore various `AWSNodeTemplate` configurations, refer to the examples provided [here](https://github.com/aws/karpenter/blob/main/examples/provisioner/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Refer to the [Provisioner docs]({{<ref "./provisioners" >}}) for settings applicable to all providers. To explore various `AWSNodeTemplate` configurations, refer to the examples provided [in the Karpenter Github repository](https://github.com/aws/karpenter/blob/main/examples/provisioner/).
```

The AMI used when provisioning nodes can be controlled by the `amiFamily` field. Based on the value set for `amiFamily`, Karpenter will automatically query for the appropriate [EKS optimized AMI](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/eks/latest/userguide/eks-optimized-amis.html) via AWS Systems Manager (SSM). When an `amiFamily` of `Custom` is chosen, then an `amiSelector` must be specified that informs Karpenter on which custom AMIs are to be used.

Currently, Karpenter supports `amiFamily` values `AL2`, `Bottlerocket`, `Ubuntu`, `Windows2019`, `Windows2022` and `Custom`. GPUs are only supported with `AL2` and `Bottlerocket`. The `AL2` amiFamily does not support ARM64 GPU instance types unless you specify a custom amiSelector.

> {{% alert title="Defaults" color="secondary" %}}

Reviewer: Nice 🎉

For more examples on configuring these fields for different AMI families, see the [examples here](https://github.com/aws/karpenter/blob/main/examples/provisioner/launchtemplates).

{{% alert title="Windows Support Notice" color="warning" %}}

> Specifying `spec.userData` is not currently supported for Windows nodes, but support is expected in the future.

Reviewer: https://github.com/aws/karpenter/issues/4081

> Specifying `spec.userData` is not currently supported for Windows nodes, but support is expected in the future.

Reviewer 2: Great. @tzifudzi can you include this in the website here, and likewise for the other issues and their spots? That way, users can track it, when they see this rather than having to go find the issue. Likewise, when it gets implemented, this should be modified and the link can be removed anyway.

> Specifying `spec.userData` is not currently supported for Windows nodes, but support is expected in the future.

Reviewer: Added the link into the docs here

For more examples on configuring these fields for different AMI families, see the [examples here](https://github.com/aws/karpenter/blob/main/examples/provisioner/launchtemplates).

> {{% alert title="Note" color="primary" %}}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{{% alert title="Windows Support Notice" color="primary" %}}
```
